[AKINA] Cheers to everyone
and all their excellent work!
-[EMPLOYEES] Cheers!
-[ISHIYAMA] Hear, hear!
[AMAGISHI]
So, who's up for round two?
-Yaa-hoo!
-[ISHIYAMA] I am!
Senpai, are you heading home?
-[SHIORI] Well, actually.
-Hmm?
I was wondering...
would you like to go do
something naughty?
Just us two?
I'm scared to ask!
[SHINOZAKI]
One of my superiors at work
is so small and sexy--
I mean cute!
Small and cute.
[MALE CHEF 12A]
Order up!
It's time to dig in!
I know I'll regret this later.
It's just
after a few late-night drinks
I can't say no.
Not to the siren's call
of ramen.
[SHINOZAKI]
So that's what she meant!
Is there something wrong?
-Are you not hungry?
-I'm good.
I just wasn't expecting us
to get ramen.
What were you expecting
instead?
[SHINOZAKI]
I can't tell if she knows
what she's doing or not!
[MALE CHEF 12A]
Thanks for coming!
Thanks, but you didn't have
to treat me.
Don't be silly, you worked
so hard for the contest.
I know that it's not much,
but your senpai
wanted to reward you.
[SHINOZAKI]
Wow.
She's always looking
for ways to be nice.
I really am the luckiest guy
in the world.
Just knowing she's my senpai
makes me happy.
But I can't help wondering,
as amazing as it is,
will we only ever be
senpai and kohai?
[GUY 12A]
I'd kill for some ramen!
-Senpai... -[GAL 12A] Haven't
you heard that old wives' tale
about how having
late-night ramen cravings
means you've got
a strong libido?
[GUY 12A] Seriously?
I've got a "need to feed?"
[GAL 12A] Apparently.
[laughs]
To be clear, I was craving
that refreshing tea
that came with the meal!
Right! Yes! The tea!
Nothing more!
Anyway, weren't you about to
tell me something?
Yes, but it can wait for now!
[AKINA]
Hey, Hayakawa!
-Huh?
-You heading to lunch?
Do you mind
if I tag along?
[HAYAKAWA]
I have this boss at my job.
The type
who's friendly with everyone.
Yeah, sure. Fine with me.
-[SHIORI] What's this?
-[BOTH] Huh?
Going to lunch together?
Like a lunch date, perhaps?
[laughs]
Uh-huh?
-No! it's not!
-Yes,
that's exactly what it is!
Hang on!
Don't say stuff like that
right outside of the office!
That's how weird rumors
get started, you know!
I don't mind,
if it's about me and you.
Ah.
[smiles]
[HAYAKAWA]
What is that supposed to mean?
Coming from him, it's probably
just a joke, but still!
This sucks! You just
had to say something weird,
didn't you?
-[SHINOZAKI] Senpai!
-Huh?
I found my wallet, so let's go.
-A date perhaps?
It isn't a date!
Huh?
[YUUSUKE]
Zakishino!
Aloha bro! Ha!
Here, I got you something.
Hey, thanks, man.
I take it you had a good time?
Oh, thank you
but I already got a girlfriend.
[YUUSUKE]
Gross.
[YOSHIDA] Thanks to PTO,
we'll never be apart, Honeybee.
[ITO]
Teddy Bear! That's so sweet!
Who even does that?
Yeah. I had a great time.
A real blast.
[crying]
Oh, who am I kidding?
It was awful!
-[YAMAGISHI] Hey, Shinozaki!
-[ALL] Huh?
You're gonna stay after work
and help me with something.
[ALL]
Huh?
[YUUSUKE] You finished
that Meowtaro game?
Yep! My sexy human
Meowtaro game
is ready to change the lives
of fans new and old!
Oh.
I can't wait to take it home
and play!
[YAMAGISHI]
On that note,
I was hoping Shinozaki
would do the honors
of being the first
to try it out!
Well,
what are we waiting for then?
Yeah.
Greetings!
You can call me Meowtaro.
The pleasure's all mine.
So, the main character
is a girl
going to school with Meowtaro?
That's what it looks like.
Hmm?
Hey there. I hear
that you're quite the cook.
I'd love to try
something you've prepared.
[YUUSUKE] We've arrived
at our first choice.
Even if he's a human
in the game,
Meowtaro is a cat.
Then it's a safe bet that
he really likes fish, right?
Yeah, that makes sense!
Okay, I'll go with fish.
Fish, huh?
-I guess I can tolerate
that. -Wait, what?
That's not
what I was expecting.
Oh, come on!
This guy's the heir
to a major corporation.
He can have fish
anytime he wants to.
Well, maybe if we knew
his entire backstory!
The optimal choice here
is fruit!
What are these
bold flavors?
Such depth!
You've opened my eyes
to a great new world!
-Hm-hmm.
-So he's that kind of rich.
[KURUSU]
Excuse me, what's going on?
-[YAMAGISHI] Huh?
-[SHIORI] Huh?
Hey, Kurusu.
Hello. Why are you here?
It's past our office hours.
They're trying the Meowtaro
dating simulator
I made
for his 40th anniversary.
Would you like to check it out,
Kurusu?
A Meowtaro dating sim?
Of course! I would love to!
Oh, please let me
try the game out!
Keep teasing me
and see what happens.
[SHINOZAKI]
Here, check it out.
Kill it.
Don't yuck it just because
it's not your yum!
This innovation is gonna let us
tap into the otome game market!
[KURUSU]
Meowtaro?
Hot? This is sacrilege,
I tell you!
I don't understand.
I won't have it!
That isn't innovation,
it's pandering.
It lacks even the basic tenets
of Meowtaro's appeal.
If this ever gets released
it will disgust our fans,
not make new ones.
So,
this is just a fool's errand!
Then how, pray tell, do you
expect to make new fans
if we're stuck appeasing
to the old ones
by never doing anything new?
It's your methodology.
Listen up, your game is better
off as a new, distinct IP.
Anyway,
let's get back to the game.
I'm sorry,
but we need to talk
before
the festival's over.
Oh! Do we get
the post-festival confession?
I'm not sure.
This feels too soon
to be the ending.
Then why are having
a private rooftop meetup?
[SHINOZAKI]
A private meeting.
[SHIORI]
On the rooftop.
[BOTH]
That sounds familiar.
Listen, I never want
our relationship to change.
[SHINOZAKI]
Wait a second.
[SHIORI]
Where have I heard that?
You know, it's great
how we're such good coworkers
and I don't want
that to change.
[BOTH]
Now it's getting weird!
Aw, man, that sucks.
We got rejected before
we could even confess.
-Huh?
Are you sure though?
That's not right.
But it does make sense.
That would mean...
[SHIORI]
I rejected him?
That was the last thing
I wanted to do!
But if he was going to
confess to me that night,
of course,
he'd see it that way!
[SHINOZAKI]
I got rejected?
So that is what happened!
All I wanted to do was
forget that night
ever happened,
not think about it more!
[both crying]
I'm missing something.
Hold it right there.
It's too soon
to be giving up on love.
I know you figured it out.
You said as much.
[YAMAGISHI]
The story can't end here.
You haven't confessed yet.
There's still a chance
to seal the deal
but you've got to get back
out there and take it!
Or do you mean to tell me
that you don't love Meowtaro
as much as you claim?
Personally,
I've never claimed that.
[SHINOZAKI]
I haven't confessed.
[SHIORI]
Our story isn't over.
[SHINOZAKI]
I still have a chance!
[SHIORI]
We can't give up yet!
You're totally right.
This quest isn't over!
We can still have
a happy ending!
Okay, is there a reason
you guys are so into this?
How Pathetic.
That is not Meowtaro.
[SHIORI] That game
was a lot of fun, wasn't it?
[SHINOZAKI]
It sure was.
For a second, I was scared
they wouldn't end up together.
-Me too.
-Hmm.
-[SHIORI] Hey, Shinozaki.
-Hmm?
What was it that
you wanted to tell me
when we got ramen?
Uh.
[SHINOZAKI] I was wondering
about our future.
Will we only ever be senpai
and kohai or something more.
Uh.
Oh, I see.
That is a fair question.
Especially since
I told you that I think
we should always just be
good coworkers.
But you know what?
Ah.
Thoughts can change.
So maybe
our relationship can too.
Oh.
That's fine. I think.
If it's all right with you.
We could you know, be friends.
♪
I mean, because we get along
so well already and!
-[SHINOZAKI] If we were...
-Uh?
...friends that is,
you wouldn't mind if we spent
more time together
outside of work?
Uh.
Yes.
So we could go shopping
sometimes?
-Of course!
-And what about
for lunch on our days off?
I don't see a problem
if it's something
two friends would do!
Like um,
me sending you a text
asking if you're busy
for no reason!
That'd be totally fine
because we're friends!
We could even send each other
selfies in our new outfits.
I mean,
that sounds completely natural
for two normal friends to do!
-Ah.
-Huh.
[BOTH] It's very nice
to meet you, new friend.
[laughter]
-We're really friends!
-[humming]
-[SHIORI] The very best!
-Huh?
[AKINA]
And so, they've reached
the new rationalization
of friendship.
Hey! Not this again!
Don't disintegrate on me.
I just got here!
[SHIORI]
My Tiny Senpai
will be back
with a special message.
[SHIORI, SHINOZAKI]
Thank you all for watching
My Tiny Senpai!
-[ALL] Yeah!
-[ISHIYAMA] Yay!
♪
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, hey!
Good morning, friend.
[SHINOZAKI]
I can't believe it.
[SHIORI]
Here we are.
-Shinozaki and I...
-Senpai and I
-are friends now.
-...are friends now.
[SHIORI] We're not
just regular coworkers.
[SHINOZAKI]
Our relationship is personal.
All right,
I've posted the data.
Great, I'll confirm it then.
[SHINOZAKI] We're more than
just senpai and kohai.
[SHIORI] We've got a whole
world of friendship to explore.
[SHINOZAKI]
Except...
[SHIORI]
When I think about it.
[BOTH] Everything
is basically the same!
[SHINOZAKI] I want to do
something outside of work
with her, but I can't
figure out when to ask!
[SHIORI] I bought new clothes
and even took selfies in them,
but I can't think of would it
be appropriate to send them!
[SHINOZAKI]
I've never practiced
asking female friends
to hang out!
[SHIORI]
I've never had a guy friend,
so I've never had
to think about this stuff!
[SHINOZAKI]
Someone, please tell me
what I'm supposed to do!
[SHIORI] I have zero clue
how to move forward here!
[SHINOZAKI]
If only there was...
[SHIORI]
Something to act on.
Hmm?
[BOTH] One tiny thing
to spur us along!
Aw.
So, you didn't like Okinawa?
[YUUSUKE]
That's an understatement!
Everywhere I turned,
it was just people going at it
-like the world was gonna end.
-Katase,
are you sure it's fine
if I sit here with you?
Yeah! In fact, I think
we should get together
for lunch more often.
Oh! that would be nice,
thank you.
[SHINOZAKI]
I don't want to wait around
for something to happen
but I'm not sure what to do.
[SHIORI] Nothing will change
if I don't do anything
but what's my next move?
[BOTH]
What's the timing?
So there were snags.
It's Okinawa.
I'm sure it wasn't all bad.
Guess it had its moments.
Oh, well.
There's still Golden Week.
I'd like to go somewhere fun.
Do you guys have
holiday plans yet?
[BOTH]
This is it!
Nothing planned for me!
Well, not yet.
It sure would be nice
to go out with friends
for some
friend activities.
Same for me.
Nothing planned yet,
but those friend activities
sound like they would be fun.
[BOTH] Now everyone knows
I'm free that week.
I'm not doing jack, either.
Well, I've got something.
Every year
an old high school buddy
and I go to a theme park.
[BOTH]
That could be fun!
We always wear
matching outfits.
[SHIORI] Matching outfits
with Shinozaki.
So cute!
And we get merch
to commemorate the trip.
[SHINOZAKI]
Commemorative merch.
So nice!
Going to a theme park
sounds awesome.
It's like a pilgrimage
to a friendship utopia.
Do you think?
It's full of kids
this time of year though,
but my friend and I are
doing the full park experience.
So, get this.
We got ourselves a big,
swanky room
at the park's hotel!
[BOTH]
What? A hotel room?
And there's even
a private lounge bar
so you can drink
and take in the view.
[SHIORI] A drink
in a private lounge bar.
This was nice.
Here's looking at you,
Senpai-kid.
[blushing]
After drinks,
we'll sit on the bed
and talk about the day.
[SHINOZAKI]
On the bed.
Whaddya think?
I'm so glad we did this,
aren't you?
[screaming]
And the best part,
the room has its own
open-air bath!
[both gasping]
[BOTH] So, both of us
in a bath together?
And then there's day two!
-[SHIORI, SHINOZAKI] Yamagishi!
-Huh?
That's a little unsavory
for a trip with your friend,
don't you think?
Are you sure that bathing
is a normal friend activity?
[YAMAGISHI] It seems
like a normal thing to me.
Don't you think
you'd be moving too fast?
Maybe wait until
your relationship's matured!
[YAMAGISHI]
You guys think so?
-Yes! Yes!
Oh, I think
I know what's going on.
You two are shy about
bathing with others, huh?
[both gasping]
[blushing]
I wouldn't say
that I'm embarrassed, per se.
Honestly,
it sounds like it'd be great.
Well, I've known her for years
so we should be fine.
Spending the whole day
with an old friend.
That sounds like
it could be lots of fun.
[SHIORI] The hotel
was a bit of a surprise
but going to a theme park
sounds like it could make
for a really nice day.
[SHINOZAKI] It's definitely way
too soon to go to a hotel,
but a theme park
sounds like it'd be perfect.
All this talk has me
wanting to go myself.
Yeah, me too! Let's do it.
-[KURUSU] You mustn't.
-Hmm?
[KURUSU] Theme parks feature
characters from other brands.
Money we earn from Meowtaro
cannot be spent
on competitors, ever.
Are you saying
you're not into theme parks?
[KURUSU]
That's not it.
I plan to make one for him.
[HAYAKAWA]
So, you love them.
If you want to make
a Meowtaro Land,
then you could
go to theme parks
-for research, right?
-Huh?
Instead of trying to
make something in a vacuum,
it'd be more helpful
if you go out there
and see what already works.
Or what could be improved.
It could give you ideas!
[KURUSU]
That's a fair point.
While we're at it,
what if everyone got together
to go to a theme park
for Golden Week?
[SHIORI]
Everyone?
That sounds great.
It'll be fun. Let's go!
[YAMAGISHI]
Well, if everyone is going,
then count me in for sure!
[HAYAKAWA]
What day is the best?
[YAMAGISHI]
Let me check my calendar.
[YUUSUKE]
Hmm.
So none of our schedules
match up.
[YUUSUKE]
Eh, it was a good idea.
It just wasn't meant to be.
Oh, I know.
Um, summer vacation.
How about that?
There's plenty of time
'til then
so it should be pretty easy
to find a day we'd all be free.
I guess we're on
for summer vacation!
That's it then.
It would have been fun.
-[SHINOZAKI] Senpai!
-Ah?
-[panting]
-Yeah, what's up?
Well, it's just,
I know everyone's schedules
didn't line up.
But we're free!
So, uh.
Huh.
You and I could go...
as friends.
Because Yamagishi, she was
making it sound
like so much fun,
so I figured why wait
till summer? You know?
Let's do it then.
Huh?
Let's go and have fun.
You and me.
Uh.
[smiles]
For sure!
[giggles]
No fair!
First, you have
nothing else going on,
then you're too busy?
Explain!
Let's just say that I was being
a good bro about it
and call it a day.
Oh?
[SHIORI] Do I go
with brand new and cute
or well broken in and comfy?
Hmm...
Hmm?
Hmm.
Okay!
[SHINOZAKI]
Sharp and fashionable,
or cozy and comfortable.
Why is this so hard?
-[YUTAKA] Got a date?
-[gasps]
Stop popping into existence!
You always come home
for Golden Week
and yet for some reason
you weren't there.
Needless to say,
your absence was quite felt
so I came to check on you.
Now tell me,
when's your date with Shiorin?
It's not a date!
We're going to a theme park
together just as friends.
You sure?
Sounds like a date.
Well, it's not!
I haven't confessed to her,
nor have we started going out,
so the only thing
it could possibly be
is us taking
a nice trip as friends!
I see.
You think going to a theme park
is something friends do?
Yes, I do.
How interesting.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER 12A]
Arriving at the park gate.
[SHINOZAKI] I got here
sooner than I expected.
Maybe I should
wait at a café?
-[SHIORI] Ah?
-Huh?
It looks like
we took the same train.
[SHINOZAKI]
So cute!
Yeah,
I got an early start today.
Right, that's what I did too!
[smiles] Your vibe is
a little different than usual.
Uh?
[SHINOZAKI]
I mean, you put your hair up
and you're wearing pants.
Aah!
[SHIORI] Well, I wanted
to dress for the occasion.
I figured we'd be walking
a lot today,
so I went with pants
and sneakers.
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah, same for me.
Honestly, we'll
probably get more steps here
than on a hiking trip.
Uh.
That's what I thought!
I guess we should
probably get in line now, huh?
Yeah, why not?
[smiles]
[giggles]
[SHINOZAKI]
I have this senpai at work
who's so small and cute.
[both laughing]
It's about time to head home.
It is.
But before we do that.
Yeah?
Do you want to take
a quick picture?
Wha...?
It's been a while
since I've been
to a theme park with a friend.
It's just a thought.
No, of course. I'd love to!
[AKINA]
Want me to take it?
That would be great,
thank you!
-Manager?
-Big Sis and Hayakawa?
Why are you guys here?
Just for fun.
You were the one to suggest it.
Remember,
you said theme parks
are for going out with friends.
So, I did.
[YUTAKA] Chihiro, we're going
to a theme park!
[AKINA]
Let's invite Hayakawa too!
[HAYAKAWA]
Well...I guess that I can go.
[YUTAKA]
And so, the three of us
spent a wonderful day together.
-Ah, well.
-Uh...
Now, scooch closer you two!
-[YUTAKA] Who's so fluffy?
-[AKINA] I hope
that you
enjoyed yourself, Hayakawa.
[HAYAKAWA] You know,
I think I actually did.
[SHINOZAKI] It got a little
chaotic at the end, but...
[HAYAKAWA]
Yeah, that would be fun.